c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\MemoryAPI.dll.config
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\MemoryAPI.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\MemoryAPI.pdb
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\obj\Debug\MemoryAPI.dll
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\obj\Debug\MemoryAPI.pdb
c:\users\sich1122\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\obj\Debug\MemoryAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\obj\Debug\MemoryAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\obj\Debug\MemoryAPI.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\obj\Debug\MemoryAPI.pdb
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\MemoryAPI.dll.config
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\MemoryAPI.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\MemoryAPI.pdb
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\AWSSDK.Core.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\AWSSDK.S3.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\AWSSDK.Core.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\AWSSDK.S3.pdb
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\AWSSDK.S3.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\semi1337\Source\Repos\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\MemoryAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
